README.md, before:

# Project Name: About Me

## Author: KC Hofstetter

## Lab 02

## Reflections and Comments

- Overall I think this lab went smoothly! I am finding that working with basic CSS has become easier. After lecture today, JavaScript made a little bit more sense. I can see how statements are going to rule our world when it comes to interactivity. I love the lintr tool! It is continuing to save me from my own mistakes! I found myself doing a lot of trial and error today, if I was unsure if I was doing something correctly, I'd make a small change and test it immediately in the live server. This allowed me to take really small baby steps but steps that got me to the solution I was looking for. I am also using Google a lot! I know we have been told time and time again to utilize Google to answer some of our questions, and I can say that I have done just that! I also refer back to the code I created for a project we did in class 102! We used a lot of similar concepts and I recreated some to fit the current prompt. When it comes to the reading assignments, I realize that I am terrible at skimming! I read every word.. and it makes the assignment very slow! That is something I definitely need to work on while still retaining some information. I am getting really good at ACP! But I should probably be more detailed about my commit messages.

Commit message:

finished lab 3git add . Number guessing game, array guessing game, ordered and unordered lists, more CSS editing

README.md, after:

# Project Name: About Me

## Author: KC Hofstetter

## Lab 02

A webpage generated to allow a user to get to know me, the author! Beginning prompts will as the user their name then present a guessing game to learn facts about myself.

## Reflections and Comments

- Overall I think this lab went smoothly! I am finding that working with basic CSS has become easier. After lecture today, JavaScript made a little bit more sense. I can see how statements are going to rule our world when it comes to interactivity. I love the lintr tool! It is continuing to save me from my own mistakes! I found myself doing a lot of trial and error today, if I was unsure if I was doing something correctly, I'd make a small change and test it immediately in the live server. This allowed me to take really small baby steps but steps that got me to the solution I was looking for. I am also using Google a lot! I know we have been told time and time again to utilize Google to answer some of our questions, and I can say that I have done just that! I also refer back to the code I created for a project we did in class 102! We used a lot of similar concepts and I recreated some to fit the current prompt. When it comes to the reading assignments, I realize that I am terrible at skimming! I read every word.. and it makes the assignment very slow! That is something I definitely need to work on while still retaining some information. I am getting really good at ACP! But I should probably be more detailed about my commit messages.
